In this lesson, I introduced you to security in the cloud.
I showed you how to safeguard your web applications running on AWS using Shield.
Shield is the perfect service to stop a DDoS attack.
Next, I taught you about a firewall service to protect your web applications called WAF.
Don't forget that a firewall stands in front of
your application as a way to guard who can access it.
We wrapped up with IAM,
identity and access management;
an AWS service that allows you to configure who can access your AWS account,
services, and applications running in your account.
Next, I will teach you about networking and elasticity.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6